# C++ Projects
In this C++ Projects Repositories, I upload three Projects which completely base on the C++ concept. First Project is Library Management System Second Project is Gaming Emulator and Third Project is REVERSI AI Game. Basically, these projects are making with the concepts of C++ basic and OOP.

## Project 1: Library Management System
The main objective or aim of this project is basically we simply enter a password and then press any key it will go to the main menu. In main menu there are 12 different option like a in Library which is you can Create book, Modify a book, Search a book record, Delete a book record, Add a student record, Modify a student Record, Search a Student Record, Delete a Student Record, Check validity of book and student record, check a limit to issue a book, Return a book to Librarian. These are options in this Library Management Project.
##### Link: https://github.com/AmirAli5/CPP-Projects/tree/master/1.Library%20Management%20System

## Project 2: Gaming Emulator
The main objective or aim of this project is basically we simply enter the password after run it goes the main menu and a gave a four option these four option is basically a four different game which I made. First Guessing Game in the game generates a 1 to 10 number and you can guess if right guess then scores count and the imported thing is that you can play 10 times after this game is end and score is shown. The second game is Tic Tac Toe which contains two players. player one sign is 'X' and player 2 sign is '0'. This game the on logic between two-player the winner is who completes row or diagonal firstly. The third Game is Car Crash! the game basically in this game the car move only horizontal line move the 2 menus coming first is "H" which is another car if you touch this menu then Car Crashed and second is "O" O is basically scored if you pick then score will count. One important thing in this game is that the speed of the menu "H" and "O" which are coming toward Car are faster with the passage time. And the last game is in this Gaming Emulator is that it's Complete the Allspark in this game you have to save the world by guessing the name of city if you right guess then you have saved the world it's basically showing the complete box after this it will ask from you name then display.
##### Link: https://github.com/AmirAli5/CPP-Projects/tree/master/2.Gaming%20Emulators

## Project 3: REVERSI AI Game
The main objective or aim of this project is to produce a computer program implementing the game of REVERSI. The second aim is to implement a computer player with a varying skill level based on look ahead, heuristics and an innovative combination of ranking techniques. The last objective of this game is to include a user-friendly interface.
##### Link: https://github.com/AmirAli5/CPP-Projects/tree/master/3.RERVERSI%20AI%20Game
